DevInspect

What is DevInspect? 

As First Year Computer Science students we recognise how much internships take energy from companies and senior developers who track our progress. As we are thankful for the energy that they they put into us, we have created a proof of concept project for our idea: DevInspect, using the portia AI agent. 

How does it work? 

DevInspect fetches an intern's or junior developer's changes from GitHub and then uses the Claude LLM to review the code for errors. Our program prompts Claude to look for good programming practices, such as, but not limited to: structure and organiation, error handling and proper documentation. Though, through our testing we have seen that sometimes minor points of critism are picked out by the agent. As a result, some of the feedback generated by the AI may be overly critcal. While this feedback could all go to the intern/junior developer, in order to produce constructive, encouraging, and actionable feedback that supports their growth, we have the senior developer review and refine the suggestions before they're delivered.





. From here Portia.AI comes through with some ideas for feedback. The senior developer is then given the ideas for feedback and then accepts or rejects Portia AI's agent's feedback based on its validity. 

Once the Senior Developer has gone through all the feedback reviews the final collection of the reviews is collated, ready for the junior developer to see and appropriately conitnue to grow on their project. 

